# Aug 1st, 2020
# Aug 2nd, 2020
# Aug 3rd, 2020
# Aug 4th, 2020
# Aug 5th, 2020
# Aug 6th, 2020
# Aug 7th, 2020
# Aug 8th, 2020
# Aug 9th, 2020
# Aug 10th, 2020
# Aug 11th, 2020
# Aug 12th, 2020
# Aug 13th, 2020
# Aug 14th, 2020
## Hi, today is a despondent day. I feel good and yet lonely. It is cumbersome to lie down and concentrate on move than actually moving. It is not a fun way to be. I love kicking, punching, rolling in other words simply moving and now I have to lie down and visualize it. It is terrifying to do it and imagine myself doing it. Imagination is the only solace that I have at present.
## Sometimes, the bouts are repetitive: same person, same movement but I move differently but will that be the exact response in reality? I miss interacting for real. The reality, the aliveness of having a punch delivered; the adrenaline rush that surges when I evade it and the triumph when I hit back after a calculated move. It is over in one minute but what a triumph it is to feel it coursing through my veins; the sheer learning of reality that life provides in its primal glory.
## Then it makes me think; is it not what I am going through life? What am I cribbing about? Life itself has provided me with this handicap - to sustain it, to live through it and maybe learn; learn how to move while still strapped to the ground; tempted to move and explore and yet not do it and use my imagination to do so. It is a learning too..but for how long, time does not tell; nor do I know, maybe after 40 years or so, I will consider this phase as a bleep in my whole lifetime but right now I am passing through it and it seems torment.
## I want it to stop, I want the period to be over but I do not decide. The faithful will seek God for help. The strong will turn to themselves. I do not know who to turn to: maybe my disembodied self who is confused and little bit in anguish and who wants to come out of this bloody mess and find glory in the rings again.
## One day down, and I am sitting here thinking to move on. Killing time is not an option; getting my angst out is a good way to start; imagination a good form of solace: maybe I will grow, maybe not. Who knows! Maybe like Sherlock, I am addicted to movement, the best kind of movement, the art of movement and I need my fix and I am not getting it so I am running in haywire fashion waiting for it. What do I know? Maybe the next day, it will all be over.
## That brings me to hope. Hope for a better tomorrow. Hope for a better today. Hope does not work for me. Work works, effort works and action definitely works. Hopelessness makes me move forward, makes me stop believing in better day and start believing in my own messy, confused self; no matter how bleak - that's all I have, I can count upon; even in the darkest of times; I will be present with myself - I do not know about anyone else.
## I have always heard tears are for the weak but I think they are messengers saying that I am fed up of this shit and literally want to move. And if the shit grows, I really do not know what to do except maybe rebel but rebel against who and for what? Who the hell will provide and what will be provided? I do not know. All I know is that I am tired of resting. Patience is not for me. I am impatient who loves quick results and I am done waiting.........
## Tomorrow it is 15th; supposed to be Independence Day. I vouch to get my freedom tomorrow because I had enough.
# Aug 15th, 2020
## Today, so far, has been amazing. I woke up to the birds chirping, clear sky and
the new ability to move. I stretched, I watched bodies in motion. Independence Day it is. True, after I wake up, I am surrounded by four walls and a ceiling. I dream of gazing at the horizon, the breeze fondling my face and making my hair go all askew and I stand by laughing, amazed at the art of Nature and being in its laps; but today like most days I wake up surrounded by four walls; disconnected. I open the door and walk outside and feel the breeze, look at the skies and I feel humbled. Today is supposed to be Independence Day, a day where I can move out freely.
But, is it truly, independence?
Freedom to do what I need rather than what I want, I consider that freedom. Having the ability to laugh, the capability to smile and roar in laughter is my freedom. Today, I am free. I have my peace of mind and my smiles.
People usually tell me about what independence means to them. It is as usually the desires, and it continues when it gets fulfilled. So, am I really free or am I tying myself up in shackles of lust and greed?
## So, I can say that I was born free and I got enslaved when I disconnected from nature itself. Nature never bound me but my so called intellect, brains and science bound me. Nature is the most compassionate and yet from history, humanity has been considered to be compassionate and humane! Humane indeed because I am human. Nature seeks to play and to flow, science has taught me to dominate and go against the flow. Playing with frogs was my favorite pastime. During monsoons, they would be in plenty and would be croaking their lungs out. I used to imitate them and hop along as they hopped to and fro, their beady eyes curious with their ever smiling faces.
Science taught me to catch frogs and dissect them in the name of science and humanity and to put a veil over my eyes on the cruelty that I was imposing on them, they would be chloroformed so that I do not feel bad and this is called being humane.
## I understand that I possess the default nature of cruelty which I impose on others as well as on self, I put the shackles of lust and greed on myself and cry out that I am not free. I suffer from jealousy and envy and cry out that I want to be freed and on top of that, I go overboard and try to shackle creatures of nature in name of science and call myself humane and declare that the sacrifices made are done in the name of science. I will be truly free when I wake up to my own cruel reality and be in one with nature, because the keys to my shackles are owned by me. Nobody can set me free until and unless I want to and let go of the hubris that I am in control. I am not and it is ok. Happy Independence Day!
# Aug 16th, 2020
# Aug 17th, 2020
# Aug 18th, 2020
# Aug 19th, 2020
# Aug 20th, 2020
# Aug 21st, 2020
# Aug 22nd, 2020
# Aug 23rd, 2020
# Aug 24th, 2020
# Aug 25th, 2020
# Aug 26th, 2020
# Aug 27th, 2020
# Aug 28th, 2020
# Aug 29th, 2020
# Aug 30th, 2020
# Aug 31st, 2020
